Update serial communication and clean up duplicated & outdated info (#1326)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/tools/debug/debug_with_printf.md

# Debugging using printf() statements

> An easy way to inspect what your application is doing is to augment your application with `printf()` statements. In Arm Mbed, you can use a serial connection to send feedback from your development board back to your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An easy way to inspect what your application is doing is to augment your application with `printf()` statements. In Mbed OS, you can use a serial connection to send feedback from your development board back to your computer.
```

## Prerequisites

> For a tutorial on setting up serial communication, see [Board to PC communication over USB](tutorials/serial-comm.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a tutorial on setting up serial communication, see [Board to PC communication over USB](../program-setup/serial-communication.html).
```
